Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

My class respresents a superhero that has powers such as flying, shrinking, and using special tools from their inventory. Each instance has attributes such as a name, alias, height, and energy level. They also have an "inventory" that keeps track of what tools they are carrying with them at any time. They have an attribute that keeps track of what tool they've used last and a special attribute that keeps track of whether they've time traveled before titled "oneChance", as they can only do so once. The instance can execute actions such as adding and removing items from their inventory, examining whther an item is in their inventory, using an item, undoing the use of an item (which can be interpreted as traveling back in time), walking, flying, shrinking, growing, resting, and seeing what is in their inventory. Additional methods I implemented included several getters for my attributes as they are all private. I also created a printInventory() method to allow for the user to see their inventory before adding and removing things, as doing so impacts the energy needed to execute certain actions such as walking and flying. I also overwrote the toString() method to have a string representation of each object that included information about the object. I was easily able to come up with a class that would implement the interface in a way that made sense. However, I struggled with deciding what attributes I needed in order for my methods to make sense in what they did. Advice I would give to someone taking this course in the future is to not try to plan the class from start to finish from the very beginning. As you implement methods, you will automatically make changes to your attributes, constructors, and other methods to allow the program to flow better and make more sense. You don't have to know everything you will write in the end from the start.